Barclays Online Banking
How to log in with your passcode
and memorable word
Logging into Online Banking
is quick and easy.
Go to Barclays.co.uk
and click ‘Log in’ to begin.
Next, type in your surname as
it appears on your account.
Select one of the options,
then type in your details.
Next, click ‘Continue’.
You might then see this screen,
which explains the limited
services available
when logging in using a
passcode and card details.
Scroll to the bottom and click
'Log in with passcode'
Type in your passcode.
Enter the requested characters of
your memorable word,
before clicking on ‘Log in
to Online Banking’.
And you’re now logged in.